[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Now we're going to do MPM
scripts, so open your package.JSON, and
I have all these in here, so
I'm going to quickly delete all of them so
you don't see them.an Just kidding,
whatever you can see it's fine.
>> Speaker 2: Someone asked if there's
a way to put standard in sublime text so
that every time you save
the file it does it for you?
>> Brian Holt: There is,
I don't know how or
like at an off the top my head, but it's
should be pretty easy for you to set up.
I imagine the if I hit Shift+Control
package install
>> Brian Holt: And
they say like standard format.
Yeah, we could put that on.
I choose not to because at Netflix if I
tried to take out semi-colons there would
be all out war ending in someone
getting fired and or dead.
So, I choose not to because
I have to switch back between personal
products and my Netflix work weird.
So, yeah, you can use standard format, and
I think it will actually do it'll tell
you in the gutter, if you're like,
you can see here where I have like
these little markings right here,
that's my get gutter.
That's tell me things that I that's
changed since I last committed.
it will give you the same sort of errors
like hey you have a linting error on this
line which is pretty nice too.
Okay, good questions, though, so
let's talk about MPM scripts.
So anyone that's been working in
the JavaScript community a while has used
something like Gulp, or Grunt, or
Broccoli or ten thousand others that
I'm not going to think of right now.
Most of us have used at least Gulp or
Grunt.
Those tend to be the two bigger ones.
They are awesome tools, particularly
when you start having really big,
really complicated builds.
In our particular case we
have a pretty simple build.
So what we're going to do is we're
going to be using what's called ten
pm scripts which are basically bash
commands that we're going to pipe into.
Bashers Issus H, or whatever.
Anyway, the things that you pipe into
the command line that basically
wrote your scripts for you.
It's like a runs or build roads or
tests or and all that kind of stuff, so
let's do it now we're
going to call it test and
then over here you just
put whatever you want run.
So, in our particular case,
we want it to just run standard.
Now that seems like they're
not super compelling
reason to use this because how hard
is it to remember a standard But
once we have like ten different
things that we need to be able to do.
They end up being like having
like ten feature flags and
we're running three different
scripts at once, right.
Like, this gets to be really
useful because you no longer have
to have this like.
You no longer have to remember
what you have to type in.
That you can just remember, I just
need to write npm test and it's done.
Yeah, we put the scripts here, and we did
a test, and we put standard there, right?
>> Brian Holt: Right, so
put that in, save it.
>> Brian Holt: And
now come over to your command line.
So instead of running standard, we can
do npm run, and then, so you do npm run,
and that's letting npm know I want
you to run one of my scripts for me.
So anything you put in here,
I could put blah, right?
If I said MP.run blah,
it's going to run standard for me, right?
We choose
The node community that if you run npm run
test it's gonna run your tests for you.
To the point that they've actually
written some shortcuts for it.
So if we put test here instead,
Like I said, you can do npm run test, but
there's a handful of special scripts that
I can actually just run without test.
So if I say mpm test it will work.
And it actually even mpmt works.
But just know like I can't
change this to blah and
say mpm blah that's not
going to work right.
So tests is a special one.
Start is another one that is special.
theres other ones like pre-publish and
published, but
we're not to worry about those.
The two that you should worry
about are test and start.
So yeah, I wanna to put this to test.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions about that?
>> Speaker 3: We're getting
errors when we run that.
>> Speaker 2: Well I fixed mine but-
>> Brian Holt: Are you getting errors when
you run-
>> Speaker 2: I was just missing a comma.
So it's something with your.
>> Speaker 3: I'm just getting an error.
Nevermind.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
Anyone else getting the errors?
What's your error say?
>> Speaker 4: It's so weird.
Missing script?
Missing script block.
>> Brian Holt: Just come
into your package.json.
Make sure this is
called scripts Yeah,
better, cool.
Do you find your error back there?
Okay.
>> Speaker 5: There's a question here from
Chad, is it common to use NPM to install
packages locally instead of
having to install them globally
>> Brian Holt: for example web pack.
It's very common to have them locally and
the best reason for that is that you can
pin the version because maybe you're on
like I'm on web pack 1.12 and they're
about to release web pack 2 sometime in
the near slash distant future, who knows.
And now I can pin it to that version.
It's definitely it’s
gonna be that version.
And I don't have to worry about people
getting the wrong dependency version.
Good question.
>> Speaker 5: Another question was when
you run this is it running locally or
globally, the standard?
>> Brian Holt: it's going to try and
do it locally first.
MPM's pretty smart about that.
In fact, the later versions of.
We can actually even
just uninstall standard.
Just, you don't have to do this.
I'm just gonna show you.
So I'm gonna unbuild it.
So now if I try and run standard,
it's gonna say, hey what the hell?
But if I still do npm tests
It's going to err, that's nice.
Do I have it?
I don't pry to have it as a dependency.
So, npm install
standard.
So I'm now Jeez, what am I doing here?
403 forbidden.
Sorry I have to switch registries.
Use default.
Okay let's try that again.
>> Brian Holt: Anyway this is all an
elaborate way to show you that I'm calling
standard as if I knew it was going
to be on the command line but
MPM is actually gonna be smart
enough to look locally for
that standard package before it looks
like for a global version of it Okay so
now if I say npm test it actually does
find that correct standard binary it is.
Despite the fact that if I type standard.
>> Brian Holt: It's not available
globally I don't know I think
it's a really cool feature.
So I can still write my bashcommand the
same way I don't have to do something dumb
like Dot slash, node slash.
Modules anyway.
Neat feature.
Okay any other questions.
>> Speaker 5: There was,
can you run multiple modules in that test?
>> Brian Holt: Multiple modules?
>> Speaker 2: Multiple modules.
>> Brian Holt: Meaning I say like and
and mocha, right?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Is that the idea?
The answer's yes, and
we'll do it here actually shortly.
We just have nothing
else to run right now.
[LAUGH]